---
id: platform-faq
title: Platform Frequently Asked Questions
sidebar_label: FAQ
---

<a id="aHeaderMenuAnchor" data-header-menu="Docs"></a>

#### Can I use source code generated from Pyronome in commercial projects?
Yes, you can use source code generated through Pyronome services in commercial projects. Additionally, once you generate the source code, you can use it in different commercial projects as well.

On the [Marketplace](https://pyronome.com/marketplace), there is a special section on the license terms for each pattern. For detailed information, you can review the license terms of the patterns you are willing to use.

#### Is any tracking code included in the source code generated by Pyronome?
No. Pyronome does not add any tracking code into the source code it generates.

#### Do I need to remain subscribed to Pyronome services to run and use the source code generated by Pyronome?
No. After you generate the source code, the Pyronome services are not needed for the source code to work. You may continue to use the source code that you generated after your paid membership expires.

#### How do I get technical support for a pattern I purchased from the Marketplace or installed to my project for free?
Technical support for the patterns listed on the Marketplace is provided by their developers. Each pattern has its page on the Marketplace. You can find information about technical assistance on this page.

#### I want to make some modifications to a pattern that I have purchased/installed from the Marketplace. How can I make these kinds of updates?
When you purchase any pattern through the Marketplace or install it to your project free, the pattern is added to the **"Installed Patterns"** list under the **"Patterns"** menu. While adding a new pattern, you can create a new pattern by cloning an existing pattern saved in your user account. After cloning the pattern, you can make the necessary updates. For the upgrades you made to be reflected in the generated source code, you should remove the original pattern from the project's pattern page and install the new pattern that you made changes.

<div class="panelize-infobox infobox-warning">
    <p>
        <strong><i class="fas fa-exclamation-triangle"></i> Warning:</strong>
    </p>
    <p>Please note that after copying a pattern that you have purchased or installed for free of charge, you have full responsibility for the new pattern you have just created.</p>
</div>